Don't come here.
If you come, I'll light a fire.
The wind is too strong now.
Every house in the entire alley will be burned down.
Haha, this woman of yours is cruel.
Death itself is death.
Why are you taking us with you?
What are you waiting for?
Stop him!
The director has something to say for good.
Put the torch down.
Hoai An
Now everyone is calling me a whore.
They're going to kick me out.
You have an army.
What if you go?
I don't want you to die.
Lord, are the baby and I dead?
You just let me go.
Yes.
Even if you don't die today.
I've got 10,000 ways for you to die.
Sunny Ran is pathetic enough, don't excite him anymore.
Did you shoot me?
He's poor An An.
Isn't it pitiful when the blood dried? He clearly saw the blood on An An's body, he just didn't say.
Not as good as his mother.
Why should I pity him?
There's no way the Army is that small.
I'll never do this.
Wang xianxiun everyone
Don't you want to start a fire?
You're dead.
Gu Quan, you're crazy.
If you drive him crazy
The entire road will be burned.